¿Cómo resetear mi contraseña?
How can Brokers/Agency Managers create and/or view their Tickets?
If I am found ineligible for Medical Assistance (MA), what steps can I take to enroll through Pennie®?  
If I am found ineligible for Medical Assistance (MA), will my information be automatically forwarded to Pennie® and/or CHIP? 
I currently have Medical Assistance (MA) coverage, what if I complete and return my renewal forms and am found ineligible for MA? 
I currently have Medical Assistance (MA) coverage, what happens if I do not submit my renewal packet and/or verification documents by the due date? 
I currently have Medical Assistance coverage and haven’t received a renewal packet; is there anything I should be doing to make sure I am receiving all of the appropriate paperwork?
I currently have Medical Assistance coverage; why is this change in continuous coverage happening? 
I am a tax professional, how does Path to Pennie work for me?
My family is eligible for job-based coverage but I’m not sure how to answer the questions about my employer’s health coverage in the Employee Coverage Detail section of the application.  
I received an email about providing permission for Pennie to run my eligibility for financial savings.  Why did I receive this email and how do I update my application to provide this permission?
I have an offer of job-based insurance coverage for my family, but it’s unaffordable. Can I get financial assistance to enroll my family in coverage through Pennie instead? 
How do I submit documents 
How to reconcile your premium tax credit 
COBRA Coverage and Options Through Pennie | pennie.com. 
Changing coverage outside of the Open Enrollment Period. 
I am a Pennie customer and was recently offered job-based health insurance coverage through my employer. Will I still be eligible to keep receiving Advanced Premium Tax Credits to lower my premium cost with Pennie? 
My Out-of-Pocket premium is a lot higher this year compared to last year. Did Pennie give me the wrong eligibility? Why is this happening?   
Which Qualifying Life Events require proof of prior coverage to be eligible for a Special Enrollment Period?     
Temporary Protected Status 
I don’t have a SSN can I still submit an application for Pennie coverage?
My monthly insurance premium has increased because of a change in the amount of federal subsidies I receive (Advanced Premium Tax Credits, or APTC). Why were my subsidies changed or removed? 
How can I request physical copies of my insurance cards?  
Migrant Workers seeking coverage through Pennie 
Immigration status and Pennie 
Coverage for lawfully present immigrants 
Me encuentro en Estados Unidos con una visa y no califico para la cobertura de Medicaid debido al estatus de mi visa.  ¿Bajarán mis primas de seguro médico privado?
Cobertura para Personas Autoempleadas
¿Cómo se determinan los resultados de elegibilidad?
Soy un inmigrante legalmente presente que aún califico para recibir Asistencia Médica. ¿Hay alguna manera de inscribirme en Pennie durante el Período de Inscripción Especial?
Mi hijo y yo emigramos a Estados Unidos hace cuatro años y tenemos un estatus de “persona legalmente presente”. ¿Cuáles son nuestras opciones de cobertura?
No Ciudadano calificado
Más información para familias inmigrantes
Estatus migratorios que califican para la cobertura de Pennie
Documentos para verificar el estatus migratorio
¿Cuándo entra en vigor la cobertura?
Estatus migratorio y Pennie   
Si soy un trabajador migrante en Pensilvania, ¿califico para recibir una cobertura a través de Pennie?
¿Qué es el programa “El Camino a Pennie” (“Path to Pennie”?)
¿De qué manera se relaciona la Ley de Reducción de la Inflación (IRA) con el Plan de Rescate Estadounidense?  
¿La Ley de Reducción de la Inflación afecta el costo de las primas de los seguros? 
¿Qué es la Ley de Reducción de la Inflación (IRA) y cómo afecta el costo de la prima de mi seguro?  
How does the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) relate to the American Rescue Plan? 
What is the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) and what does it mean for my premiums? 
How do I join a TrainPA training group?
How do I find the training modules/courses on TrainPA?
How do I login to TrainPA? (Cannot login to TrainPA)
How do I register for TrainPA?
What is the deadline for Broker Certification Training? 
Documentos para confirmar los ingresos familiares
¿Puedo inscribirme en la cobertura fuera del Período de Inscripción Abierta?
Envío de Documentos para Confirmar un Evento de Vida Calificado
Contáctenos
Cobertura dental a través de Pennie
Asistente y Agente certificados de Seguro Médico (Productores)
Cantidad permitida
Ley de Cuidado de Salud a Bajo Precio (ACA)
Ingreso Bruto Ajustado (AGI)
Documentos requeridos para verificar la información incluida en su solicitud
Proveedor Fuera de la Red
Cómo calcular su ingreso esperado
Pennie me indica que debo "Comprobar un Evento de Vida". ¿Qué debo hacer ahora?
Pennie me ha evaluado como potencialmente elegible para recibir Medicaid. ¿Eso significa que puedo inscribirme en Medicaid? ¿Dónde me inscribo?
¿Qué se considera cobertura asequible a través de un empleador?
¿Qué es el programa Camino a Pennie?
¿Cómo afecta el Plan de Rescate Estadounidense el costo de un seguro médico?
¿Qué es el Período de Oportunidad Razonable?
¿Cómo creo una cuenta de Pennie?
Evento de Vida Calificado (QLE)
¿Qué documentos debo enviar para resolver un problema de Correspondencia de Datos?
¿Cuáles son las Fechas de Vigencia de la cobertura?
Mi prima de seguro mensual ha aumentado debido a un cambio en la cantidad de subsidios Federales que recibo (Créditos Fiscales Anticipados para Primas o APTC). ¿Por qué se modificaron o eliminaron mis subsidios?
Crédito Fiscal Anticipado para Primas (APTC)
¿Cómo puedo solicitar copias físicas de mis tarjetas de seguro?
Pago de contrato temporal de seguro
¿Qué debo incluir como ingreso?
¿Cómo puedo cancelar mi plan a través de Pennie?
What is the Path to Pennie program?
What is considered affordable coverage through an employer? 
What is the Reasonable Opportunity Period? 
What are coverage Effective Dates? 
My monthly insurance premium has increased because of a change in the amount of federal financial assistance I receive (Advanced Premium Tax Credits, or APTC). Why was my financial assistance changed or removed?   
How can I request physical copies of my insurance cards?     
What if I received a larger amount of tax credits than I should have, but I can’t pay it back? 
I’m a migrant worker in Pennsylvania. Do I qualify for coverage through Pennie? 
Immigration status and Pennie   
I am a lawfully present immigrant who is not eligible yet to receive Medical Assistance. Is there a way I can enroll in Pennie during the Special Enrollment Period?
I have an application through Pennie but have not enrolled, I believe I could be eligible to enroll using a Qualifying Life Event based on my income. How can I enroll in Pennie using this Qualifying Life Event?
How do I know if I am eligible for the new income Special Enrollment Period? 
Binder Payment  
How long do I have to make my first premium payment?
Making your first and future premium payments 
What is the No Surprises Act?
How Do I Change My Mailing Preferences to Paperless in my Pennie Account?  
How do I report the death of a family member?
Why does my 2022 premium look different? 
I can’t find my Certificate of Completion for the Broker Training on the TrainPA program. Where can I find it? 
I forgot my TrainPA Password, what should I do next?
How do I navigate to the next module in TrainPA?
What should I do if my courses do not show up for the Broker Training on TrainPA? 
Pennie Partner Self-Test Environment 
How to become a Pennie Certified Broker
How do I access the Pennie Broker re-certification training? 
I selected a plan on Pennie.  I have just received and read the policy’s terms and don’t want the policy anymore.  How do I cancel/terminate? 
What is a 10-Day Free Look Period?  
How do I cancel my plan through Pennie?
Why am I not able to access my account on Pennie?  
How is Pennie Funded?
I am currently enrolled in an off-exchange plan, and have already paid towards my deductible and out of pocket maximum; if I switch to a Pennie plan will the payments I have already made count towards my new plan? 
How do I adjust the amount of advance premium tax credits that are being applied to my monthly premiums? 
My child is enrolled in CHIP; can I remove them from CHIP and add them to my Pennie coverage? 
Are Pennie customers still responsible for taking "affordable coverage" when it comes to job-based coverage
How do I know if I should self-attest to being eligible for unemployment insurance (or unemployment compensation) in my Pennie application?
I qualify for premium tax credits, but I chose to pay my full monthly premium instead. Can I claim the amount of reduced premiums during tax time when I file my taxes?
I am in the U.S. on a Visa and don’t qualify for Medicaid coverage because of my visa status.  Will my premiums for private health insurance go down?
I qualify for monthly premium reductions, but I chose to pay my full monthly premium instead. Can I claim the amount of reduced premiums during tax time when I file my taxes? 
Pennie says I need to "Confirm a Life Event" what do I do now?
COBRA Coverage and Options Through Pennie | pennie.com.  
What if you don’t have health insurance, or you recently lost coverage?
For the latest Information on COVID-19:
Paying for the COVID-19 Vaccine
Not sure what your Pennie insurance covers in regards to COVID-19? 
Reporting changes to Pennie throughout the year
What do I need to include in my household income in regards to COVID-19 relief?
Is Pennie the same as FFM as far as no medical qualifications are needed for enrollment into a Pennie plan and pre-existing conditions will all be covered and cannot be held against you.
What is the differences between an Agency Manager account and an Agent account?
I am a producer and I registered as an Assister on Pennie.com now I cannot access my account. 
How do I change the number associated with my Duo Security MFA account?
I completed the training but still need to register, what are my next steps? 
I cannot verify my account through the Duo Security MFA.
What is a Pennie Producer Agency account?
Pennie Account Creation
What services will insurance policies available on Pennie cover for transgender or non-binary Pennsylvanians?
Your eligibility notice
What is the Minimum value standard for job-based coverage? 
 My out-of-pocket premium is a lot higher this year compared to last year. Did Pennie give me the wrong eligibility? Why is this happening? 
What is the difference between a HMO, PPO, and EPO health plan?
Submitting documents to confirm a Qualifying Life Event (QLE)   
How to create a Pennie account?
I’m receiving an error message when typing in my email address.  What do I do now?
How do I claim my Pennie account?
How do I select a catastrophic plan on Pennie?
What does "Non-ESI Minimum Essential Coverage" mean?
I applied for health coverage through Pennie and they said I was potentially eligible for Medicaid.  I just now received a letter saying I was found ineligible for Medicaid and I was being sent back to Pennie. Am I not eligible for health coverage?
I applied for health coverage through COMPASS but was told that I am not eligible for coverage through Medicaid (Medical Assistance), and that my application has been transferred to Pennie. What does that mean? What happens next? 
My Pennie application says that I have been assessed as potentially eligible for Medicaid, but I need to submit additional docs. I also received a notice from the DHS that says I need to submit additional docs. Where do I submit these documents? 
I thought children in Pennsylvania could enroll in CHIP regardless of household income; why wasn’t my child automatically transferred to the CHIP program when I submitted my application through Pennie? 
I have been assessed as potentially eligible for Medicaid by Pennie; does that mean I can enroll in Medicaid? Where do I sign up? 
I just received a notice from Pennie that says I am potentially eligible for Medicaid (Medical Assistance). Does that mean I have to go complete another application through COMPASS to get Medical Assistance? 
I earn a little too much to qualify for Medicaid, and I don’t have health coverage through my job. What are my options?
My child and I immigrated to the U.S. four years ago and have a lawfully present status. What are our coverage options?
I was just laid-off from my job and lost my job-based health coverage. Where should I go for health coverage? When can I enroll?
My spouse and I are thinking about adding our newborn to our current marketplace plan or enrolling them in their own plan. What are our options?
I am not sure if I qualify for Medicaid (Medical Assistance) or for financial assistance through the new state marketplace. What should I do?
I receive financial assistance to help pay for the cost of health coverage and care through Healthcare.gov. Will I still receive financial assistance through the new state program? 
What is Pennie, and how does it differ from the federal program on Healthcare.gov?
Now that Pennsylvania has its own state-based marketplace, where do I sign-up for health coverage?
How do I apply for a Hardship Exemption to enroll in Catastrophic coverage?  
What to include as income
Medicaid & CHIP for American Indians and Alaska Natives 
What to do if your insurance company denies a claim
How can you correct Agency setup if needed?
How do I submit documents
What documents should you submit to resolve a Data Matching Issue?
How do I know if I have a Data Matching Issue(s)?
What are Data Matching Issues/Inconsistencies
Hardship exemptions & catastrophic coverage
Getting prescription medications
Getting emergency care
Coverage for Self-Employed Individuals
What if I am recently enrolled in Medicare and have a plan through Pennie?
What birth control benefits and reproductive healthcare options are offered? 
  Health Insurance Agent and Broker (Producers)  
Pennsylvania Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP)
What is Open Enrollment?
What is Pennie?
Required documents to verify information included on your application
Premium payments, grace periods & termination
Private plans outside Pennie Open Enrollment
Changing from coverage through Pennie to Medicare
Special health coverage protections and benefits for American Indians and Alaska Natives
Medicaid & CHIP for American Indians and Alaska Natives
Submitting documents to confirm a Special Enrollment Period
How do I cancel my plan through Pennie?
What should I do if I experience a change in income or another change in circumstance during the year? 
How do I get or stay on a parent's plan?
How to save on your monthly insurance bill with a premium tax credit
How to appeal your Pennie eligibility
Your eligibility notice
Do I need to cancel my Pennie plan if I started receiving Medicaid or CHIP?
Medicaid & CHIP coverage
Does my Medicaid program counts as minimum essential coverage?
How do I reconcile my premium tax credit during tax time?
In school? What is a student health plan? What are my other options?
Immigration statuses that qualify for Pennie coverage
How to estimate your expected income
Coverage options for people with disabilities
What do I do if I'm waiting for a disability status decision and don't have health insurance?
Reporting self-employment income to Pennie
Mental health & substance abuse coverage
Health coverage if you're pregnant or plan to get pregnant
Who can buy a Catastrophic plan?
Health insurance plan & network types
Catastrophic Coverage
More information for immigrant families
Coverage for U.S. citizens & U.S. nationals
Can I get health coverage if I have been incarcerated?
Who do I include in my household?
Pennie application and disabilities 
What are my options from Pennie if I don't qualify for disability benefits?
Pennie Eligibility for Health Insurance Coverage
Health coverage for retirees
Coverage Options for the Unemployed 
Coverage options for military veterans
I'm a part-time employee.  What are my coverage options?
Coverage options for young adults 
Why get Health Insurance Coverage if I'm are under 30? 
Dental coverage through Pennie
Coverage for pre-existing conditions
How am I protected from frivolous cancellations by insurers?
Coverage options for same-sex couples
Can I get emergency care?
How do I see if my healthcare provider is covered by my insurance plan?
Does a plan through Pennie cover prescription medications?
What if I lose job-based health insurance?
Documents to confirm U.S. Citizenship 
Documents to confirm your immigration status 
Documents to confirm your household income
Documents to confirm you're not incarcerated
Documents to confirm American Indian or Alaskan Native status 
Documents to confirm you don't have minimal essential job-based coverage 
Documents to confirm your Social Security Number (SSN)
Documents to confirm you don't have qualifying health coverage
Submitting documents if you are conditionally eligible
How are eligibility results determined?
What should I do if I think my eligibility results are wrong?
How do I reset my password?
Where can I see plans and prices for 2021?
Can I edit my application after submission?
Changing coverage outside of the Open Enrollment Period 
Can I Enroll in coverage outside of the Open Enrollment Period? 
Window Shopping
If you were denied Medicaid or Children’s Health Insurance Plan (CHIP) coverage outside Open Enrollment after you applied during Open Enrollment
Preventative Health Services
Well-baby and Well-child Visits
Waiting Period (job-based coverage)
Vision Coverage
Value-Based Purchasing (VBP)
UCR (Usual, Customary, and Reasonable)
Tax filing requirement
Summary of Benefits and Coverage (SBC)
State Medical Assistance Office
State Health Insurance Assistance Program (SHIP)
Special Healthcare Needs
Social Security Survivors Benefits
Skilled Nursing Facility Care
Second Lowest Cost Silver Plan (SLCSP)
Reconcile
Qualifying Life Event (QLE)
Qualifying Health Coverage (QHC)
Qualified non-citizen
Premium
Preferred Provider Organization (PPO)
Pre-Existing Condition
Point of Service (POS) Plans
Patient-Centered Outcomes Research
Out-of-pocket maximum/limit
Not Yet Accredited (Health Plan)
Modified Adjusted Gross Income (MAGI)
Minimum Value Standard Plan
Medicare Prescription Drug Donut Hole
Medicare Hospital Insurance Tax
Medicare Advantage (Medicare Part C)
Medicaid (Medical Assistance) 
Large Group Health Plan
Individual Health Insurance Policy
Home and Community-Based Services (HCBS)
High Deductible Health Plan (HDHP)
Health Savings Account (HSA)
Health Reimbursement Account (HRA)
Health Plan Categories
Health Maintenance Organization (HMO)
Grace Period
Fully Insured Job-Based Plan
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC)
Federal Poverty Level (FPL)
Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
Exclusive Provider Organization (EPO)
Essential Health Benefits (EHB)
Employer Shared Responsibility Payment (ESRP)
Employer or Union Retiree Plans
Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnostic, and Treatment Services (EPSDT)
Deductible
Cost Sharing Reduction (CSR)
Co-payment
Co-insurance
Chronic Disease Management
Balance Billing
Allowed Amount
Affordable Care Act (ACA)
Advanced Premium Tax Credits
Adjusted Gross Income (AGI)
Out of Network Provider
Contact Us
I’m receiving an error message when typing in my email address.  What do I do now?
How do customers find a broker/producer on Pennie?
Should I create an agency/agency manager account or an agent account?
How do I use my access code to log in
Why doesn’t my client show up in my book of business anymore? 
Medicare
Can only the agency manager see the information for all the agency customers, or can each broker see them all?
Can we do off-exchange enrollments on Pennie?
Will Pennie have direct access to information from CHIP and PA State Medicaid for verifications or will we still need to obtain that info from the customer?
What is the criteria for becoming an Assister (Navigator)?
If I sell commercial and auto insurance at my agency will that interfere with me using Pennie?
Will income ranges for APTC be different?
How do we get on the broker workgroup?
Will everyone qualify for Pennie?
Will carriers offer all Silver plans on the exchange, or just certain Silver plans?
Do the 15th of the month cut-off rules still apply to effectuate coverage using a Special Enrollment Period?
Will the new site allow you to term coverage on a future specific date?
If I moved my upline mid-year, will the business go to the new upline?
How do the advanced premium tax credits work with Pennie? The FFM is tax credits through the federal side. How are the tax credits paid through Pennie?
Will the insurers have a direct pathway to enrollments just like the FFM now?
Will Pennie provide more detailed reporting on current membership by insurer/county on a more frequent basis than CMS does with the FFM?
Are there any guidelines on brokers charging consulting fees?
Who are the insurance companies working with Pennie?
How will commissions work with the Insurers through Pennie?
Do I have a choice about being listed on the Pennie website?
Are there marketing materials that explain how Pennie is replacing HealthCare.gov?
Will there be Pennie cobranding opportunities?
When Pennie needs additional verification for a tax credit, can the agent upload it from the Pennie site?
When can I load my agency info as far as hours operation? 
Can only the agency manager see the information for all the agency customers, or can each broker see them all?
Do customers have to use email?
Will the application be in a quick and easy format?
Will I be able to use my Health Sherpa accounts (enrollment) with PA plans?
Will Agents/Brokers and Assisters be able to assist customers by phone in a similar way to how they can through web-brokers?
Can a broker create an account for a client? 
Can my staff access my portal and assist me in any way?
Can an agency assign clients to a broker?
Will there be a Help-On-Demand feature through the Pennie Platform?
Can a producer(agents/brokers) enroll customers in a plan with an insurer for which they are not appointed?
If I don’t have computer access at any given time, but I have a customer who needs to submit an application, can a Pennie customer service representative complete the application for us?
Are customers required to use a broker or an assister on the exchange?
Will there be a direct line for agent/brokers and Assisters?
Is there a minimum agency size to set up an agency profile?
Does an agency manager have to be licensed?
Do I receive a training credit for joining the Broker Workgroup Webinars?
How do I get my Pennie Training Access Code?
Will brokers/producers earn CE credits for training? 
Is the Pennie Producer training and exam the same as what CMS requires to operate on healthcare.gov? 
If a person logs on to healthcare.gov to make a change will they automatically be routed to Pennie?
Will my clients coming over to Pennie from the FFM be automatically assigned to me or will we need to complete a "acceptance handshake"?
How does a customer retrieve their login information if they have forgotten it? Do they have to go to Healthcare.gov or Pennie for account access assistance? 
During Open Enrollment, how quickly can a Customer designate you as their Agent?
Will all customers have to end their current insurance and select a new policy on Pennie?
Will my client be linked to my account if the FFM dropped my NPN from their account?
Will Pennie use insurer data in addition to the data from Healthcare.gov during the data migration process? 
When will producers have Pennie account access? 
How do I confirm my pre-registration request is completed? 
Do Brokers need to be registered on Healthcare.gov to operate on Pennie? 
Must all PA residents go to Pennie? 
Can I serve Pennie customers if my business is outside Pennsylvania?
When Pennie needs additional verification for a tax credit, can the agent upload it from the Pennie site?
Will I be able to use my Health Sherpa accounts (enrollment) with PA plans?
Are customers required to use a Broker or an Assister on the exchange?
Does agency manager have to be licensed?
Agency Manager Vs. Broker Account? Does agency manager have to be licensed?
I'm unable to login as a workgroup member and wanted to make sure that I receive credit for the training.
Will producers earn CE credits for training? 
Will my clients coming over to Pennie from the FFM be automatically assigned to me or will we need to complete a "acceptance handshake"?
Will all customers have to end their current insurance and select a new policy on Pennie?
Will Pennie use insurer data in addition to the data from Healthcare.gov during the data migration process? 
Do Brokers need to be registered on Healthcare.gov to operate on Pennie? 
Must all PA residents go to Pennie? 
Can I serve Pennie customers if my business is outside Pennsylvania?
